[FLINK-20861][format/json] Provide an option for serializing DECIMALs in JSON as plain number instead of scientific notation (#14604)
apache/flink: docs/dev/table/connectors/formats/json.md

      <td>String</td>
      <td>Specify string literal to replace null key when <code>'json.map-null-key.mode'</code> is LITERAL.</td>
    </tr>     
    <tr>
      <td><h5>json.encode.decimal-as-plain-number</h5></td>
      <td>optional</td>
      <td style="word-wrap: break-word;">false</td>
      <td>Boolean</td>

>       <td>Encode all decimals as plain numbers instead of possible scientific notations. e.g. <code>0.000000027</code> is encoded as <code>2.7E-8</code> when this option is set to false.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Encode all decimals as plain numbers instead of possible scientific notations. By default decimals are written using scientific notation. For example, <code>0.000000027</code> is encoded as <code>2.7E-8</code> by default, and will be written as <code>0.000000027</code> if set this option to true.</td>
```

Reviewer: Please also update this?
